---000--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AR Ishaque K, 2012, IEEE TRANS POWER ELECTRON, V27, P3627
TI An improved particle swarm optimization (PSO)-based MPPT for PV with reduced steady-
   state oscillation
AU Ishaque K; Salam Z; Amjad M; Mekhilef S
TC 672
SO IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics
PY 2012
AB this paper proposes an improved maximum power point tracking (mppt) method for the
   photovoltaic (pv) system using a modified particle swarm optimization (pso)
   algorithm.  the main advantage of the method is the reduction of the steady-state
   oscillation (to practically zero) once the maximum power point (mpp) is located.
   furthermore, the proposed method has the ability to track the mpp for the extreme
   environmental condition, e.g., large fluctuations of insolation and partial shading
   condition.  the algorithm is simple and can be computed very rapidly; thus, its
   implementation using a low-cost microcontroller is possible.  to evaluate the
   effectiveness of the proposed method, matlab simulations are carried out under very
   challenging conditions, namely step changes in irradiance, step changes in load, and
   partial shading of the pv array.  its performance is compared with the conventional
   hill climbing (hc) method.  finally, an experimental rig that comprises of a buck-
   boost converter fed by a custom-designed solar array simulator is set up to emulate
   the simulation.  the software development is carried out in the dspace 1104
   environment using a tms320f240 digital signal processor.  the superiority of the
   proposed method over the hc in terms of tracking speed and steady-state oscillations
   is highlighted by simulation and experimental results.  2012 ieee.
DE buck-boost converter; hill-climbing; maximum power point tracking; partial shade;
   particle swarm optimization; photo-voltaic system
ID algorithm; buck-boost converter; electric converters; hill-climbing; maximum power
   point tracking; partial shade; particle swarm optimization; photo-voltaic cells;
   photo-voltaic system; photovoltaic effects; signal-processing
---001--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AR Ishaque K, 2013, IEEE TRANS IND ELECTRON, V60, P3195
TI A deterministic particle swarm optimization maximum power point tracker for
   photovoltaic system under partial shading condition
AU Ishaque K; Salam Z
TC 437
SO IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics
PY 2013
AB this paper proposes a deterministic particle swarm optimization to improve the
   maximum power point tracking (mppt) capability for photovoltaic system under partial
   shading condition.  the main idea is to remove the random number in the
   accelerations factor of the conventional pso velocity equation.  additionally, the
   maximum change in velocity is restricted to a particular value, which is determined
   based on the critical study of $p$-$v$ characteristics during partial shading.
   advantages of the method include: 1) consistent solution is achieved despite a small
   number of particles, 2) only one parameter, i.e., the inertia weight, needs to be
   tuned, and 3) the mppt structure is much simpler compared to the conventional pso.
   to evaluate the idea, the algorithm is implemented on a buck-boost converter and
   compared to the conventional hill climbing (hc) mppt method.  simulation results
   indicate that the proposed method outperforms the hc method in terms of global peak
   tracking speed and accuracy under various partial shading conditions.  furthermore,
   it is tested using the measured data of a tropical cloudy day, which includes rapid
   movement of the passing clouds and partial shading.  despite the wide fluctuations
   in array power, the average efficiency for the 10-h test profile reaches 99.5%.
DE direct control; global peak; maximum power point tracking; partial shade; particle
   swarm optimization; photo-voltaic system
ID direct control; global peak; maximum power point tracking; partial shade; particle
   swarm optimization; photo-voltaic cells; photo-voltaic system
---002--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AR Ishaque K, 2012, APPL ENERGY, V99, P297
TI Parameter extraction of solar photovoltaic modules using penalty-based differential
   evolution
AU Ishaque K; Salam Z; Mekhilef S; Shamsudin A
TC 249
SO Applied Energy
PY 2012
AB this paper proposes a penalty based differential evolution (p-de) for extracting the
   parameters of solar photovoltaic (pv) modules at different environmental conditions.
   the two diode model of a solar cell is used as the basis for the extraction problem.
   the analyses carried out using synthetic current-voltage (i-v) data set showed that
   the proposed p-de outperforms other evolutionary algorithm methods, namely the
   simulated annealing (sa), genetic algorithm (ga), and particle swarm optimization
   (pso). p-de consistently converges to the global optimum values very rapidly.  the
   performances are evaluated using the well known quality test and student t-tests.
   furthermore, the p-de extraction method is practically validated by six solar
   modules of different types (multi-crystalline, mono-crystalline, and thin-film). the
   results were found to be in close agreement with the experimental i-v data set,
   especially at very low irradiance values.  the latter can be very useful in
   predicting the performance of the solar system under partial shading conditions.
   the main application of the proposed work is the possibility of developing a highly
   accurate simulator for solar pv system designer.  2012 elsevier ltd.
DE differential evolution algorithm; genetic algorithm; parameter extraction; particle
   swarm optimization; simulated annealing; solar module
ID algorithm; concentrated solar; crystalline materials; crystallinity; current-
   voltage; data set; differential evolution algorithm; environmental conditions;
   extraction method; fuel cell; genetic algorithm; global optimum; parameter
   extraction; parameterization; partial shade; particle swarm optimization; photo
   voltaic (pv); photo-voltaic system; quality test; radiation balance; simulated
   annealing; solar module; solar photovoltaic modules; solar system; t-tests; two-
   diode model
---003--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AR Ishaque K, 2012, APPL ENERGY, V99, P414
TI A direct control based maximum power point tracking method for photovoltaic system
   under partial shading conditions using particle swarm optimization algorithm
AU Ishaque K; Salam Z; Shamsudin A; Amjad M
TC 172
SO Applied Energy
PY 2012
AB this paper presents maximum power point tracking (mppt) of photovoltaic (pv) system
   using particle swarm optimization (pso) algorithm.  the key advantage of the
   proposed technique is the elimination of pi control loops using direct duty cycle
   control method.  furthermore, since the pso is based on optimized search method, it
   overcomes the common drawback of the conventional mppt, i.e.  the inability to track
   the global maximum point (gp) of pv array under partial shading conditions.  the
   algorithm is employed on a buck-boost converter and tested experimentally using a pv
   array simulator.  ten irradiance patterns are imposed on the array, the majority of
   which include various partial shading patterns.  compared to the conventional direct
   duty cycle method, the proposed method performs excellently under all shading
   conditions.  finally, the performance of the proposed method is tested using the
   measured data of a tropical country (malaysia) from 8.00 am to 6.00. pm.  for the
   10. h (daytime) irradiance and temperature profile, it yields an average mppt
   efficiency of 99.5%.  2012 elsevier ltd.
DE direct control; malaysian weather condition; maximum power point tracking; partial
   shade; particle swarm optimization; photo-voltaic system
ID algorithm; direct control; irradiance; malaysia; maximum power point tracking;
   optimization; partial shade; particle size; particle swarm optimization; photo-
   voltaic cells; photo-voltaic system; temperature profile; tracking; tropical region;
   weather; weather condition
---004--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AR Chin VJ, 2016, ENERGY CONVERS MANAGE, V124, P42
TI An accurate modelling of the two-diode model of PV module using a hybrid solution
   based on differential evolution
AU Chin VJ; Salam Z; Ishaque K
TC 84
SO Energy Conversion and Management
PY 2016
AB this paper proposes an accurate computational technique for the two-diode model of
   pv module.  unlike previous methods, it does not rely on assumptions that cause the
   accuracy to be compromised.  the key to this improvement is the implementation of a
   hybrid solution, i.e.  by incorporating the analytical method with the differential
   evolution (de) optimization technique.  three parameters, i.e.  ipv, io1, and rp are
   computed analytically, while the remaining, a1, a2, io2 and rs are optimized using
   the de.  to validate its accuracy, the proposed method is tested on three pv modules
   of different technologies: mono-crystalline, poly-crystalline and thin film.
   furthermore, its performance is evaluated against two popular computational methods
   for the two-diode model.  the proposed method is found to exhibit superior accuracy
   for the variation in irradiance and temperature for all module types.  in
   particular, the improvement in accuracy is evident at low irradiance conditions; the
   root-mean-square error is one order of magnitude lower than that of the other
   methods.  in addition, the values of the model parameters are consistent with the
   physics of pv cell.  it is envisaged that the method can be very useful for pv
   simulation, in which accuracy of the model is of prime concern.  2016 elsevier ltd
DE differential evolution algorithm; equivalent circuit; model; photo voltaic (pv);
   two-diode model
ID analytic method; computation techniques; crystalline materials; differential
   evolution algorithm; diode; equivalent circuit; evolutionary algorithm; mean square
   error; model; model parameters; optimisation techniques; optimization; photo voltaic
   (pv); photo-voltaic cells; root mean square errors; two-diode model
---005--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AR Ramli MAM, 2015, ENERGY BUILD, V103, P175
TI A modified differential evolution based maximum power point tracker for photovoltaic
   system under partial shading condition
AU Ramli MAM; Ishaque K; Jawaid F; Al-Turki YA; Salam Z
TC 50
SO Energy and Buildings
PY 2015
AB this work proposes a modified differential evolution (mde) based maximum power point
   tracker (mppt) for photovoltaic (pv) system under partial shading condition.  the
   proposed mde does not involve any random numbers; hence, consistency of mpp tracking
   always prevails.  besides, it only contains one tuning parameter, i.e., mutation
   factor, which significantly simplifies the implementation strategy and therefore a
   low-cost micro-controller can be used for its realization.  despite the simpler mppt
   structure, for each tested shaded curve, mde always converges toward the global mpp
   within 12 perturbations.  performance wise, it outperforms another evolutionary
   algorithm, namely particle swarm optimization (pso), which frequently traps at local
   mpp in shading conditions.  the proposed mde also works accurately for the measured
   data profile of a tropical country during 9.00 am to 5.00 pm, where it attains 99.5%
   average tracking efficiency.  2015 elsevier b.v.  all rights reserved.
DE differential evolution algorithm; maximum power point tracking; partial shade;
   particle swarm optimization; photo-voltaic system
ID differential evolution algorithm; evolutionary algorithm; implementation strategies;
   maximum power point tracking; modified differential evolution; mutation factor; one
   tuning parameter; optimization; partial shade; particle swarm optimization; photo-
   voltaic cells; photo-voltaic system; tropical countries
